Added new project upgrade flow to the docs (#5059)
umbraco/UmbracoDocs: umbraco-cloud/set-up/project-settings/upgrade-umbraco-cloud-plan.md

* Clicking on the tab will direct you to the overview of the plans that you can upgrade to.
* From here you can see the different plans, the price per month, and the limitations between each of the plans.

![Upgrade plane step2](../images/umbraco-cloud-plans-new.png)

* If you are on a Starter plan you can upgrade to the Standard and the Professional plan.
* If you are on the Standard plan you can upgrade to the Professional plan.

Follow the below steps to upgrade your plan:

> 1. Click on the button saying **"Select plan"** to choose the plan you want to upgrade to.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Click on the **Select plan** button to choose the plan you want to upgrade to.
```

> 2. In the next step, you can choose to upragde with to a **dedicated option**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Choose to upgrade to a **dedicated option** in the next step.
```

Reviewer: Ah ok.. So maybe you can rephrase it to [Optional] Choose to upgrade to a **dedicated option** in the next step.
```suggestion
2. _[Optional]_ Choose to upgrade to a **dedicated option** in the next step.
```

Author: Yeah, I like that better 😊

   ![Dedicated option when upgrading](../images/dedicated-option.png)

> 3. In the last step, review the **summary** to make sure that everything selected is correct.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Review the **Summary** to make sure that everything selected is correct in the last step.
```

![Upgrade summary](../images/upgrade-summary.png)

> Once you click the button **"Upgrade Project"** the project will be upgrade to the new plan and if selected to a dedicated server.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once you click the **Upgrade Project** button, the project will be upgraded to the new plan and if selected to a dedicated server.
```
